# workspaces-cli
Opensource Brain Platform - Reference Workspaces manager API

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 0.2.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python >= 3.6

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import workspaces_cli
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import workspaces_cli
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import time
import workspaces_cli
from pprint import pprint
from workspaces_cli.api import k8s_api
# Defining the host is optional and defaults to http://localhost/api
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = workspaces_cli.Configuration(
    host = "http://localhost/api"
)



# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with workspaces_cli.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = k8s_api.K8sApi(api_client)
    
    try:
        # Test if application is healthy
        api_response = api_instance.live()
        pprint(api_response)
    except workspaces_cli.ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling K8sApi->live: %s\n" % e)
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*K8sApi* | [**live**](docs/K8sApi.md#live) | **GET** /live | Test if application is healthy
*K8sApi* | [**ready**](docs/K8sApi.md#ready) | **GET** /ready | Test if application is ready to take requests
*RestApi* | [**delimage**](docs/RestApi.md#delimage) | **DELETE** /workspace/{id}/gallery/{image_id} | Delete a Workspace Image from the workspace.
*RestApi* | [**get_description**](docs/RestApi.md#get_description) | **GET** /osbrepository/description | Used to retrieve description for a repository.
*RestApi* | [**get_info**](docs/RestApi.md#get_info) | **GET** /osbrepository/info | Used to retrieve a list of contexts of a repository.
*RestApi* | [**osbrepository_get**](docs/RestApi.md#osbrepository_get) | **GET** /osbrepository | Used to list all available repositories.
*RestApi* | [**osbrepository_id_delete**](docs/RestApi.md#osbrepository_id_delete) | **DELETE** /osbrepository/{id} | Delete a OSBRepository.
*RestApi* | [**osbrepository_id_get**](docs/RestApi.md#osbrepository_id_get) | **GET** /osbrepository/{id} | Used to retrieve a repository.
*RestApi* | [**osbrepository_id_put**](docs/RestApi.md#osbrepository_id_put) | **PUT** /osbrepository/{id} | Update a OSB repository.
*RestApi* | [**osbrepository_post**](docs/RestApi.md#osbrepository_post) | **POST** /osbrepository | Used to save a OSB Repository. The user_id (keycloak user id) will be automatically filled with the current user
*RestApi* | [**tag_get**](docs/RestApi.md#tag_get) | **GET** /tag | Used to list all available tags.
*RestApi* | [**tag_id_delete**](docs/RestApi.md#tag_id_delete) | **DELETE** /tag/{id} | Delete an tag from the repository.
*RestApi* | [**tag_id_get**](docs/RestApi.md#tag_id_get) | **GET** /tag/{id} | Used to retrieve an tag from the repository.
*RestApi* | [**tag_id_put**](docs/RestApi.md#tag_id_put) | **PUT** /tag/{id} | Update an tag in the repository.
*RestApi* | [**tag_post**](docs/RestApi.md#tag_post) | **POST** /tag | Used to save a Tag to the repository. The user_id (keycloak user id) will be automatically filled with the current user
*RestApi* | [**volumestorage_get**](docs/RestApi.md#volumestorage_get) | **GET** /volumestorage | Used to list all available volumestorages.
*RestApi* | [**volumestorage_id_delete**](docs/RestApi.md#volumestorage_id_delete) | **DELETE** /volumestorage/{id} | Delete an volumestorage from the repository.
*RestApi* | [**volumestorage_id_get**](docs/RestApi.md#volumestorage_id_get) | **GET** /volumestorage/{id} | Used to retrieve an volumestorage from the repository.
*RestApi* | [**volumestorage_id_put**](docs/RestApi.md#volumestorage_id_put) | **PUT** /volumestorage/{id} | Update an volumestorage in the repository.
*RestApi* | [**volumestorage_post**](docs/RestApi.md#volumestorage_post) | **POST** /volumestorage | Used to save a VolumeStorage to the repository. The user_id (keycloak user id) will be automatically filled with the current user
*RestApi* | [**workspace_get**](docs/RestApi.md#workspace_get) | **GET** /workspace | Used to list all available workspaces.
*RestApi* | [**workspace_id_delete**](docs/RestApi.md#workspace_id_delete) | **DELETE** /workspace/{id} | Delete a workspace from the repository.
*RestApi* | [**workspace_id_get**](docs/RestApi.md#workspace_id_get) | **GET** /workspace/{id} | Used to retrieve a workspace from the repository.
*RestApi* | [**workspace_id_put**](docs/RestApi.md#workspace_id_put) | **PUT** /workspace/{id} | Update a workspace in the repository.
*RestApi* | [**workspace_post**](docs/RestApi.md#workspace_post) | **POST** /workspace | Used to save a Workspace to the repository. The user_id (keycloak user id) will be automatically filled with the current user
*RestApi* | [**workspaceresource_id_delete**](docs/RestApi.md#workspaceresource_id_delete) | **DELETE** /workspaceresource/{id} | Delete a WorkspaceResource.
*RestApi* | [**workspaceresource_id_get**](docs/RestApi.md#workspaceresource_id_get) | **GET** /workspaceresource/{id} | Used to retrieve a WorkspaceResource.
*RestApi* | [**workspaceresource_id_put**](docs/RestApi.md#workspaceresource_id_put) | **PUT** /workspaceresource/{id} | Update the WorkspaceResource.
*RestApi* | [**workspaceresource_post**](docs/RestApi.md#workspaceresource_post) | **POST** /workspaceresource | Used to save a WorkspaceResource to the repository.
*RestApi* | [**workspaces_controllers_workspace_controller_addimage**](docs/RestApi.md#workspaces_controllers_workspace_controller_addimage) | **POST** /workspace/{id}/gallery | Adds and image to the workspace.
*RestApi* | [**workspaces_controllers_workspace_controller_import_resources**](docs/RestApi.md#workspaces_controllers_workspace_controller_import_resources) | **POST** /workspace/{id}/import | Imports the ResourceOrigins into the Workspace and creates/updates the workspace resources
*RestApi* | [**workspaces_controllers_workspace_controller_setthumbnail**](docs/RestApi.md#workspaces_controllers_workspace_controller_setthumbnail) | **POST** /workspace/{id}/thumbnail | Sets the thumbnail of the workspace.
*RestApi* | [**workspaces_controllers_workspace_controller_workspace_clone**](docs/RestApi.md#workspaces_controllers_workspace_controller_workspace_clone) | **PUT** /workspace/{id}/clone | Clones a workspace
*RestApi* | [**workspaces_controllers_workspace_resource_controller_open**](docs/RestApi.md#workspaces_controllers_workspace_resource_controller_open) | **GET** /workspaceresource/{id}/open | Used to register a WorkspaceResource open action. The WorkspaceResource timestamp last open will be updated


## Documentation For Models

 - [DandiRepositoryResource](docs/DandiRepositoryResource.md)
 - [DownloadResource](docs/DownloadResource.md)
 - [FigshareRepositoryResource](docs/FigshareRepositoryResource.md)
 - [GITRepositoryResource](docs/GITRepositoryResource.md)
 - [GITRepositoryResourceAllOf](docs/GITRepositoryResourceAllOf.md)
 - [InlineObject](docs/InlineObject.md)
 - [InlineResponse200](docs/InlineResponse200.md)
 - [InlineResponse2001](docs/InlineResponse2001.md)
 - [InlineResponse2002](docs/InlineResponse2002.md)
 - [InlineResponse2003](docs/InlineResponse2003.md)
 - [OSBRepository](docs/OSBRepository.md)
 - [OSBRepositoryAllOf](docs/OSBRepositoryAllOf.md)
 - [OSBRepositoryBase](docs/OSBRepositoryBase.md)
 - [OSBRepositoryEntity](docs/OSBRepositoryEntity.md)
 - [Pagination](docs/Pagination.md)
 - [RepositoryContentType](docs/RepositoryContentType.md)
 - [RepositoryInfo](docs/RepositoryInfo.md)
 - [RepositoryResource](docs/RepositoryResource.md)
 - [RepositoryResourceBase](docs/RepositoryResourceBase.md)
 - [RepositoryResourceBaseAllOf](docs/RepositoryResourceBaseAllOf.md)
 - [RepositoryResourceNode](docs/RepositoryResourceNode.md)
 - [RepositoryType](docs/RepositoryType.md)
 - [ResourceBase](docs/ResourceBase.md)
 - [ResourceOrigin](docs/ResourceOrigin.md)
 - [ResourceStatus](docs/ResourceStatus.md)
 - [ResourceType](docs/ResourceType.md)
 - [Tag](docs/Tag.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)
 - [Valid](docs/Valid.md)
 - [VolumeStorage](docs/VolumeStorage.md)
 - [Workspace](docs/Workspace.md)
 - [WorkspaceAllOf](docs/WorkspaceAllOf.md)
 - [WorkspaceBase](docs/WorkspaceBase.md)
 - [WorkspaceCollaborator](docs/WorkspaceCollaborator.md)
 - [WorkspaceEntity](docs/WorkspaceEntity.md)
 - [WorkspaceEntityAllOf](docs/WorkspaceEntityAllOf.md)
 - [WorkspaceImage](docs/WorkspaceImage.md)
 - [WorkspaceResource](docs/WorkspaceResource.md)
 - [WorkspaceResourceAllOf](docs/WorkspaceResourceAllOf.md)
 - [WorkspaceResourceBase](docs/WorkspaceResourceBase.md)
 - [WorkspaceResourceEntity](docs/WorkspaceResourceEntity.md)
 - [WorkspaceResourceEntityAllOf](docs/WorkspaceResourceEntityAllOf.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


## bearerAuth

- **Type**: Bearer authentication (JWT)


## Author




## Notes for Large OpenAPI documents
If the OpenAPI document is large, imports in workspaces_cli.apis and workspaces_cli.models may fail with a
RecursionError indicating the maximum recursion limit has been exceeded. In that case, there are a couple of solutions:

Solution 1:
Use specific imports for apis and models like:
- `from workspaces_cli.api.default_api import DefaultApi`
- `from workspaces_cli.model.pet import Pet`

Solution 2:
Before importing the package, adjust the maximum recursion limit as shown below:
```
import sys
sys.setrecursionlimit(1500)
import workspaces_cli
from workspaces_cli.apis import *
from workspaces_cli.models import *
```

